docs: improve SelfHeal documentation (#50561)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/concepts/glossary.md

#### CMS {#cms}

**CMS** or **cluster management system** is a system tablet responsible for managing information about the current state of the [{{ ydb-short-name }} cluster](#cluster). This information is used to perform gradual cluster restarts without affecting user workloads, maintenance, cluster reconfiguration, and so on. CMS includes Sentinel, the component that implements [SelfHeal](#self-heal).

#### SelfHeal {#self-heal}

> **SelfHeal** are mechanisms that automatically maintain and restore cluster fault tolerance. [Storage SelfHeal](../maintenance/manual/selfheal.md) moves [VDisks](#vdisk) of storage groups after prolonged node or disk failures. [State Storage SelfHeal](../maintenance/manual/selfheal_statestorage.md) moves replicas of metadata distribution subsystems after failures and adds replicas when new nodes appear.

Author: В английском определении нарушено согласование: имя `SelfHeal` требует `is`, а не `are`; заодно лучше явно сказать, что это набор механизмов, и сохранить формулировку про добавление узлов в кластер из связанной статьи.

```suggestion
**SelfHeal** is a set of mechanisms that automatically maintain and restore cluster fault tolerance. [Storage SelfHeal](../maintenance/manual/selfheal.md) moves [VDisks](#vdisk) of storage groups after prolonged node or disk failures. [State Storage SelfHeal](../maintenance/manual/selfheal_statestorage.md) moves replicas of metadata distribution subsystems after failures and adds replicas when new nodes are added to the cluster.
```
